Yes, using a Python-based post-processing stage is an excellent architectural move. While the AI generates the "creative" draft, a Python validation layer acts as the "Editor-in-Chief," applying objective rules that LLMs sometimes hallucinate or ignore.

By using libraries like SpaCy, NLTK, or even small, local "Cross-Encoder" models, you can move far beyond simple spell-checking.

1. Grading Continuity (The "Red Thread" Test)
Continuity is the biggest challenge in multi-section generation. Python can grade this by analyzing the semantic "distance" between sections.

Entity Tracking: Python can extract all nouns/entities from Section 1 and Section 2. If Section 1 introduces a "3-Step Framework" but Section 2 starts talking about "5 Pillars," Python can flag a continuity mismatch.

Vector Embeddings: You can convert each section into a numerical vector. If the "cosine similarity" (the topical closeness) between the Introduction and the Conclusion drops below a certain threshold, the document fails the continuity grade.

Truth Verification: Since your OutlineGenerator assigns specific truth indices to sections, Python can scan the generated text for those specific "Truth" keywords to ensure the AI actually included the required facts.

2. Grading Brand Values (The "Vibe" Check)
You can use Python to ensure the content doesn't just "mention" the brand, but "feels" like the brand.

Sentiment & Tone Analysis: If a brand like Be You Love Wins is defined as "Compassionate and Encouraging," Python can check the sentiment score. If the AI accidentally generates "Aggressive or Shaming" copy, the Python script can block the render.

Forbidden/Required Lexicon: You can maintain a brand_dictionary.json.

Forbidden: "Hustle," "Grind," "Crush it."

Required: "Alignment," "Grace," "Flow."

Python can run a regex or fuzzy-match scan to grade the "Brand Purity" of the text.

3. Grading Perspective (The Outcomes Library Check)
Since your ThemeGenerator v1.5.0 now includes what_im_rejecting, Python is the perfect tool to ensure the AI actually took that stand.

Stance Detection: If the perspective is "Rejecting the 9-5 grind," Python can look for "Counter-position" language (e.g., words like "instead of," "rather than," "opposed to"). If the text is too neutral, it fails the "Natasha Perspective" grade.

4. Implementation: The "Grader" Module
You could implement a ContentGrader module in your pipeline that sits between the TemplateEngine and the Renderer.

Example Grade Report:

JSON

{
  "documentId": "doc_123",
  "grades": {
    "grammar": 0.98,
    "continuity": 0.85, 
    "brandAlignment": 0.92,
    "truthCoverage": 1.0
  },
  "status": "PASS",
  "suggestions": []
}
Recommendation
Use SpaCy for entity and truth tracking.

Use Sentence-Transformers (a Python library) for the continuity/vibe check. It's much cheaper than calling an LLM again to "check its own work."

Fail-Fast: If the brandAlignment grade is below 0.70, do not send it to the Renderer. Automatically send it back to the TemplateEngine for one retry with a "stricter" prompt.

Would you like to see a Python code snippet for a simple "Brand Value Grader" using keyword densities and sentiment analysis?